konvoy: Update docs for konvoy release v1.5.0-beta.5 (#2963)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/konvoy/1.5.0-beta/release-notes/index.md

<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>You must be a registered user and logged on to the support portal to download this product. For new customers, contact your sales representative or <a href="mailto:sales@d2iq.com">sales@d2iq.com</a> before attempting to download Konvoy.</p>

### Version v1.5.0-beta.5 - Released 1 June 2020

| Kubernetes Support | Version |
| ------------------ | ------- |
|**Minimum** | 1.15.4 |
|**Maximum** | 1.17.x |
|**Default** | 1.17.6 |

#### Bug fixes

- API: Don't print `indexType` in `cluster.yaml` file.

> - Terraform: allow users to specify terraform go template in the `extras/provisioner` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Terraform: Enable users to specify terraform go template in the `extras/provisioner` directory.
```

- CLI: Fix a bug where deploying `extras/kubernetes` resources required setting the `KUBECONFIG` environment variable.
- CLI: Fix a bug where running `konvoy drain/cordon/uncordon` required setting the `KUBECONFIG` environment variable.

#### Improvements

-   Update default Kubernetes version to `v1.17.6`.
-   Update default Containerd version to `v1.3.4`.

> -   API: New `cluster.yaml` option `spec.kubernetes.imageRepository` to allow for pulling control-plane images from an alternative repository instead of the default `k8s.gcr.io`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   API: New `cluster.yaml` option `spec.kubernetes.imageRepository` allows pulling control-plane images from an alternative repository instead of the default `k8s.gcr.io`.
```

    ```text
    kind: ClusterConfiguration
    apiVersion: konvoy.mesosphere.io/v1beta1
    spec:
      kubernetes:
        version: 1.16.9+d2iq.2
        imageRepository: docker.io/mesosphere
    ```

-   API: Decouple AWS public IP address association from bastion host and IGW creation in `v1beta2`.
-   API: New `cluster.yaml` option `apiServerPort` for `aws` and `azure` provisioners, to specify the port to be used for the Kubernetes API server.

> -   CLI: Properly validate CLI arguments for all of the commands, avoiding a scenario where a typo may lead to running an incorrect command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   CLI: Properly validate CLI arguments for all of the commands, avoiding a scenario where a typo can lead to running an incorrect command.
```

> -   CLI: Now validates the calico version specified in `cluster.yaml` to be a valid version within the range: `>=3.13.0 <3.14.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   CLI: Now validates the calico version specified in `cluster.yaml` to be a valid version in the range: `>=3.13.0 <3.14.0`.
```

-   CLI: Diagnostics bundle now collects `df -H` output to help determine if there is disk pressure in the cluster. The bundle will contain `df.txt` file with the information gathered.

> -   CLI: Konvoy will exit with an error if an unsupported Kubernetes version upgrade is attempted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   CLI: Konvoy exits with an error if an unsupported Kubernetes version upgrade is attempted.
```

-   traefik-forward-auth: 1.0.4-4
-   velero: 1.0.1-4

### Version v1.4.4 - Released 28 May 2020

| Kubernetes Support | Version |
| ------------------ | ------- |
|**Minimum** | 1.15.4 |
|**Maximum** | 1.16.x |
|**Default** | 1.16.9 |

#### Improvements

-   Change the default Azure region for new clusters to `eastus2` to improve stability.

> -   New `cluster.yaml` option `spec.kubernetes.imageRepository` to allow for pulling control-plane images from an alternative repository instead of the default `k8s.gcr.io`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   New `cluster.yaml` option `spec.kubernetes.imageRepository` allows pulling control-plane images from an alternative repository instead of the default `k8s.gcr.io`.
```
